There are two different major career paths that I chose. One is the military,
and I'm still in the military because I'm in the reserves, and
one is computer science. With the military, they provide so much
training for you. In fact, even though some of the us are pushing it
away, they provide you with training here and there, it's really required
if you want to progress in your career. So they give you books
that you can read, we have online video tutorials all the time. When
you're at work people come up to you and they provide you training
over and over and over. So it's pretty much handed to you on a plate.
That's in contrast with my computer science career, where I don't
have a main supervisor. And if I do have a main supervisor, he's not
providing me with required material to learn. So basically it's hands
on learning, it's manual learning, it's learning on your own at
your own free pace. So both of those ways I found are really comfortable.
I like the online video tutorials and the instant training that
I get from the military because it's so easy and it's very very clear
what I am supposed to learn. With computer science I have a wide
range of things that I can learn, and it basically is going to dictate
what I can do for my future careers. So if I wanna learn python,
then while I'm whittling down that path then I can become a Google
web developer because they use python a lot. However if I say well
python is too easy I wanna learn something a little bit more complex
and I learn Perl. Well not many people use, many people use Perl but
it's a different style of programming and those jobs can hire me,
so I can learn at my own pace. I think both of those have been really
interesting and really fun and enjoyable for me.